Hi Jeff,

I am sorry for the delay in getting this over to you. I have been busy with other work and, frankly, have just wanted to keep this issue out of my mind for a while.

I have tried to make this message as succinct as possible. The number of errors that have been made in regard to this issue are so numerous, and in many cases so grossly negligent, that it has become distracting to continue to try to explain them in such detail.

The Administrator of my 401(k) account received a personal financial benefit at my expense by actively withholding, obfuscating, mischaracterizing, and misrepresenting material information about the Plan, expressly, in direct violation of the Plan itself and 29 U.S. Code ยง 1104 (a)(1)[(A)(i)][(B)][(D)]. Additionally, when I made a Claim against the Plan to resolve the matter, the Administrator failed to execute both the Plan's administrative Claims Procedure and it's administrative Claims Review Procedure. Following the Administrator's total failure to execute the relevant Plan procedures, I submitted a Complaint to the US Department of Labor, Employee Benefits Security Administration ("EBSA").

[This paragraph should probably be below the next two, but the next two are probably too long!]
The Administrator has not offered any rebuttal of any fact, argument, or evidence which I have submitted to it in support of my Claim, despite being bound to do so by the Plan. The Administrator routinely sent me near duplicates of previous communications it had sent me, despite my making specific and refutable [If you assume the Administrator's argument to be true.] arguments against those prior communications. The Administrator has admitted to routinely mistaking material facts. Additionally, the Administrator has routinely made statements which were incongruent with previous statements it had made; and, has made statements advising resolutions not in conformance with Plan procedures [and very likely ERISA -- need to go back through notes/law].

In the Complaint, I made seven enumerated claims of wrong doing by the Administrator(s) of both my 401(k) account and the company's Group Health Plan. The Administrator is the same in both Plans. I elected and paid to receive COBRA Continuation Coverage. Instead, the Administrator canceled a portion of my coverage without notice and as a result, I suffered out-of-pocket expenses after an insurance claim was denied for lapsed coverage.

The EBSA did not investigate most (or any?) of my claims, despite telling me that it would. The person assigned to my Complaint told me that they did not read my Complaint, but did comment that it was "a bit long". This person told me that I was lucky to have even received any benefit from my employer. This person also informed me that they spoke to the Administrator (specifically, the President of the Company) before they spoke to me. When I finally did speak to this person, they repeated the same arguments that the Administrator had already made and which I specifically disputed in my original Claims, Appealed Claims, and in my formal Complaint. When I contradicted this person's claims about the case with facts from the case and told them where in the Complaint to find the evidence, they refused to look.

My first (1 of 2) phone conversation with this person lasted approximately twenty minutes, during which time I had to repeatedly correct this person about the facts of the case. The things this person was saying were simply not true and sounded to me as near verbatim copies of what the Administrator had previously said. All of the points that this person brought up were already addressed in my Complaint, but since this person refused to even read my Complaint (after this person told me they did not read the Complaint, I asked if they would, and they said they would not)

I eventually convinced this person to perform a minimal investigation of one of my claims. This person told me that they would contact me with their findings. I did not receive any further communication from that person until I made a phone call to them to discuss the matter. I had to leave a voicemail as the person was not available. [check log, he might have called with voicemail or brief conversation saying they would send results]I never spoke to that person again about their investigation? (might have been very minor? no direct question?), nor was I able to obtain the status or results of their investigation. Not long after I left the voicemail message, I received a letter from the [HEAD?] of the EBSA, repeating the Administrator's arguments (in some cases, verbatim? [check]) (the person who was investigating spoke to the Administrator before ever speaking to me). The letter made no statement regarding the validity of any of my specific, enumerated claims. The letter only repeated claims and arguments previously made by the Administrator. Claims and arguments that I had previously disputed and to which the Administrator did not reject.

The President and CFO (whom were also two of the three shareholders at the time of this incident [and may still be]) chose to act as the Administrator of the Company's 401 (k) Plan. The Administrator of a 401 (k) Plan is assigned strict duties in regards to the execution of the Plan and specifically, to the Participants of the Plan. The duties are defined not only in the over 200-page document that defines the Plan, but also in the United States Code. For example, Title 29 U.S. Code ยง 1104 (a)(1) requires that Plan fiduciaries (which include the Administrator) act in their capacity "solely in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries -- for the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to participants and their beneficiaries". The Administrator acted in its own interest and I suffered as a participant as a result of their actions. Because of the positions that the embodiments of the Administrator held [and may still] at the Company, the Administrator was subject to many conflicts of interest between its personal finances and the finances of the Plan's participants.

After notifying the Administrator, President, and CFO of their breach, the named entities engaged in a drawn-out, and on-going, campaign of disseminating False Statements, failing to respond to inquiries, and general trolling. The Administrator (and all of the conflicting identities the entity shares) continually acted in bad faith, attempting to intimidate me to taking the issue to a higher authority ("federal court") while concealing its obligation to fairly consider my Claims

I am aware that members of Congress participate in their own retirement plan and may not be familiar with 401 (k) plans.


Now, where it gets especially absurd, is that the Plan contains procedures for dealing with exactly the kinds of claims I make. Part of my Complaint to the EBSA is that the Administrator has refused to follow those procedures.

I was an Associate of Software Marketing Associates, Inc. ("SMA"). According to the "Associate Handbook for Associates of Software Marketing Associates, Inc", SMA "does not provide pay advances on unearned wages". After I voluntarily terminated my relationship with SMA, the Administrator of SMA's 401(k) Plan "had to take [two] advances back because [I] was not eligible to receive them".

I only found out that these "advances" were removed from my account when I received my account statement about a month after the Administrator took the advances back. The statement I received listed two withdrawals with the description "MISTAKE OF FACT". After seeing the withdrawals on my statement, I asked the Administrator to account for the withdrawals drawn on my account


During the many months which I interacted with the Administrator, in an attempt to resolve our dispute, the Administrator continued to made mistakes and disregard its duty. I tried to document and make the Administrator aware of every mistake and breach of duty that I discovered. The Administrator has absolute duties explained in great detail by the Plan and I routinely had to confront the Administrator to inform them that they were failing to follow the terms of the Plan, and in some cases, were failing to follow ERISA and other relevant Federal statutes.

The Administrator has repeatedly told me that I should sue them if I think it did something wrong. The Administrator suggested that I sue them before the Plan's Claims Procedure was initiated. The Administrator suggested that I sue them before the Plan's Claims Procedure was finished. When I informed the Administrator of my intention to sue them in a local small claims court for breach of contract, the Administrator refused to provide a mailing address at which to serve them court document.

I laid out many of the most egregious mistakes and breaches in the Complaint that I submitted to EBSA.

As far as I know, no one at the EBSA investigated my specific claims. After submitting my Complaint I received a voicemail from "Murphy" asking me to call him back. When we


Maybe that was too much detail for the EBSA to handle? I couldn't get anyone at the EBSA to address my very specific claims.

This situation is a bit complicated in that the people who act as the Administrator are also the owners, managers, and executives of the company. There are very real conflicts of interest between these roles. The Administrator is required to act for the "exclusive benefit of Participants" in all dealings related to the Plan. For example, since the Administrator is also the owner of the company and derives all profit from company activities, when the company receives refunds from mistaken advances, the owners directly profit. In fact, the Chief Financial Officer of SMA (a co-owner with his wife, the President of SMA) told me in an email that the "advances" are only made if "[their] profits permit".